Resolving Fully-qualified and unqualified AppId values (#1523)
finos/FDC3: website/docs/agent-bridging/spec.md

### Fully-Qualified AppIds

The FDC3 Standard allows appIds to be fully-qualified with the domain of the app directory that their details were loaded from, see the [API specification](../api/spec#fully-qualified-appids) for details of how the resolution of unqualified and fully-qualified appIds should be handled in the API. 

There are only two type API call where `appId` resolution matters to the Bridging specification:

- `fdc3.open`: For `open` to apply to a remote agent across the bridge, the agent has to be specified in the `AppIdentifier` (via the `DesktopAgent` field that is only used for bridging).
  - If an `appId` provided as an argument to `open` cannot be matched as provided, then the receiving agent should apply the same resolution logic defined in the API standard in order to match unqualified and fully-qualified appIds. If a match is not found then the agent should respond with the `AppNotFound` from the `OpenError` enumeration.
- `fdc3.raiseIntent`/`fdc3.raiseIntentForContext`: For `raiseIntent` calls to apply to a remote agent across the bridge, the agent has to be specified in the `AppIdentifier` (via the `DesktopAgent` field that is only used for bridging).

>   - If an `appId` provided as an argument cannot be matched as provided, then the receiving agent should apply the same resolution logic defined in the API standard should be applied to attempt to match unqualified and fully-qualified appIds. If a match is not found then the agent should respond with the `TargettedAppUnavailable` from the `ResolveError` enumeration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If an `appId` provided as an argument cannot be matched as provided, then the receiving agent should apply the same resolution logic defined in the API standard in order to match unqualified and fully-qualified appIds. If a match is not found then the agent should respond with the `TargettedAppUnavailable` from the `ResolveError` enumeration.
```
